I'm so tired of the system. First of all, I'll just tell you straight up, on the admin side, on the navbar, there should be email, email. That is where the emails will be at. I don't like the fact that on dashboard, that is where you are putting the email, putting the counts and everything. It should be navbar and the email. Currently, the email is never working. Even when I inserted all the details, it's still saying failed to fetch. And also, the email template is not what I should be able to edit. And I'm not even currently able to edit it, but on the site setting, on the email setting, you are putting email draft there that I don't have access to that I can view. So, build the system properly. Look at the UI of the landing and the UI of the homepage. Use it to build all the emails that we need for successful transfer, account has been credited, all the emails that the system need. Then, after that, we can know that we have fixed that. For the wallet, this is the most important part. The wallet on the user side currently is just showing randomly, not even taking the precise rate. And that is wrong. So, to get out of the precise rate, the real lifetime rate of each coin. On the admin, the form you are creating for me to create a wallet is too long. I don't want that. You should just list out various coins and their logo already made coin and their logo. There is no general fee. There should just be one fee that the admin will just enter. That is network fee or gas fee. It will be entered in USD or the currency. Then, it will be translated or converted to the coin when asking for network fee. So, no coin should have its own network fee. So, the main part is that for the wallet setting, when the admin goes there, it's just for him to own, activate a coin, then edit. The only thing he's editing is to put his wallet address. That's the only thing he's editing, is to put his wallet address. So, if there are 20 top popular coins, the admin can just own 5, and the logo and everything will be perfect. The life rate and everything will be perfect, synced, and on the user side. So, the only thing is just putting this wallet address, and that wallet address will be the wallet address of all users on that exact token. So, that is how it works.